you
hi guys it's Holly from Tony ology calm
at the end today i'm going to be
reviewing some new pony you that i
picked up from target so I treated
myself to a little random shopping spree
the other day I wasn't planning to man
it just kind of happens that way
sometimes and I went to walmart and
their shelves were still picked over
from the holidays but just on a whim I
decided to go check out target and their
shelves were overflowing with ponies so
they had already restocked and it was
awesome I got a couple of things that I
didn't have yet actually there's two
princess cadences here into Twilight
Sparkle's princess Twilight Sparkle's so
this is the princess cadence and
Applejack crystal princess celebration
set got two ponies a tiara Nicholas to
bretts and a comb we also have these
things that here but with princess
Twilight Sparkle and Rainbow Dash and
then I thought these are really cool i
don't have either fees yet they are the
rainbow power flutter fantastic flutters
princess cadance and princess Twilight
Sparkle so I'm excited to put their
wings on and see if they flutter so I'm
going to take a look at all of these
open them up and see what they look like
so first we're going to look at the
crystal princess celebrations set with
princess Twilight Sparkle and Rainbow
Dash Rainbow Dash is pretty basic and
nothing really new or exciting going on
here I've got the crazy just out of the
box hair that I hate so there's my bday
she's very cute and princess Twilight
Sparkle and I love her I love the way
they actually styled her hair so it's
not crazy when it comes out of the box
it comes with two accessories we got two
barrettes in this ring which can double
as a ring or necklace so just going to
give that to her as a necklace and she
has this big gigantic brown our wings
don't move or anything really definite
thought of little girl I for doing this
constantly because that's what I used to
do a little with my ponies and thus I
could see the wings probably maybe
snapping off over time if you play with
them like that overall for display the
set looks really nice
definitely happy with this purchase and
then come with a little comb and the
other crystal princess celebration set I
got was with Princess cadance and
Applejack so again Applejack is pretty
basic Applejack cutie mark on one side
crazy out of the box hair it's a little
bit better than Rainbow Dash's but she's
got a heart for it with this one a pink
one in purple one and also this blue
ring or necklace whatever you want to
use an ass and princess cadence has this
really pretty crown or tiara really like
this one love her hair also i like the
fact that it's neatly styled it's got
some pretty gold tinsel in it her cutie
mark looks to be a little off place
there that's all right our head turns
and again the way the we don't really do
anything but as a little girl I would be
playing with her like this you make them
slap on your own so that is the other
set princess cadance and Applejack next
let's look at the fantastic flutters
princess cadence and princess Twilight
Sparkle so these ones are really pretty
i love the brain both I'd versions of
these ponies just so pretty the wings
don't flutter on their own so you have
to make them move yourself which is fine
do you attach them they just basically
snap into their back but you can remove
the wings it's a little bit difficult
you might break them when you're doing
it so be careful to attach the Wheaton's
on the knowing part
on the bottom here and there are small
little tabs on in her back in that
little hole and i found the easiest way
to attach the wings was with them facing
flat down instead of trying to put them
on while they're up if you put them if
you snap them on when they're kind of
flat like this they go in pretty easy
now her wings are attached again and
then once they're attached you can play
with them style them however you want so
that's princess Twilight Sparkle and
Princess cadance so there you have it
all the new ponies that we got from my
hall um I definitely am loving these
fluttering princess cadance and princess
toilets Oracle I wish their wings kind
of moved on their own but it's still fun
to play with I know if I was a little
girl I'd be playing like this all day
sparkle second I and I really like these
ponies to even though their wings don't
move or anything I like the tinsel in
their hair and the accessories are
really nice with the crown I guess you
can use these necklaces as rings too if
you have small enough fingers so overall
definitely like the ponies let me know
which ones you guys like which one is
your favorite do you have all these
ponies in your collection which ones are
you still looking for all parties that
you saw on the show today are going to
be up for sale on my website
ecology calm you can also buy them on
amazon and i'll post a link to where you
can buy these ponies for your collection
down below in the description thank you
so much for watching this video if you
enjoyed it make sure to give me a thumbs
up and subscribe to this channel if you
want to see more Pony reviews and other
Pony related videos thank you for
watching and I'll see you next time I we
have the princess cadence in Applejack
crystal princess we also have the same
set with Twilight Sparkle and wrinkle
this video's full of some my bloopers